HDFC BANK
We understand your world
INCOME-TAX RULES, 1962
"FORM NO. 60 [See second proviso to rule 114B]
For for declaration to be filed by individual or a person (not being a company or firm) Who does not have a pemanent account
number and who enters into any transaction specified in rule 114B
1. First Name:
Date of Birth/ Incorporation of declarant:
Middle Name:
Sumame:
Father's Name (in case of individual)/ First Name:
3.Middle Name
Sumame:
4. Flat/Room No:
5. Floor No:
6. Name of premises:
7. Block Name/No:
8. Road/Street/Lane:
9. Area/Locality:
10. Town/City:
11. District:
12. State:
13. Pin code:
14. Telephone Number (wth STD code):
15. Mobile No:
16. Amount of tansaction (Rs):
17. Date of transaction:
18. In case of transaction in joint names, number of persons involved in the transaction:
19. Mode of transaction: 
Other:
20. Aadhaar Number issued by UIDAI (if available):
21. If applied for PAN and it is not yet generated enter date of application and acknowedgement number:
22. If PAN not applied, fill estimated total income (including income of spouse, minor child etc as per section 64 of Income-tax Act, 
1961) for the financial year in wich the above transaction is held
a. Agricultural income (Rs.):
b. Other than agricultural income (Rs):
23. Details of document being produced in 
support of identify in Column 1 (Refer Instruction overleaf)
Document code:
Document identification number:
Name and address of the authority issuing the document:
24. Details of document being produced in support of address in Columns 4 to 13
(Refer Instruction overleaf)
Document code:
Document identification number:
Name and address of the authority issuing the document:
Transaction Type:
05- Investment in time deposit
06- Deposit in cash
09- Opening an account (other than savings and time deposit)
10- Account wth balance exceeding Rs. 50,000
11- Purchase of bank drafts or pay orders
12- Application for issue of a credit or debit card
14- Payment in connection with travel to any foreign country
15- Payment for purchase, or remittance outside India ,
22- Not classified above
Verification
I:
do hereby declare that what is stated above is true to the best of my knowledge
and belie. I further declare that I do not have a Permanent Account Number and my/our estimated total income (including income of spouse
minor child etc. as per section 64 of Income-tax Act, 1961) computed in accordance with the provisions of Income-tax Act, 1961 for the financial
year in which the above transaction is held will be less than maximum amount not chargeable to tax.
Verified today, the:
day of:
20:
Place:
(Signature of Declarant):
Note:
1. Before signing the declaration, the declarant should satisfy himself that the infomation furnished in this form is true
correct and complete in all respects. Any person making a false statement in the declaration shall be liable to prosecution under section 277 of the 
Income tax Act, 1961 and on convictionbe punishable.
(i) in a case where tax sought to be evaded exceeds twenty five lakh rupees, with rigorous imprisonment which shall not be less than six months but
which may extend to seven years and with fine; INCOME-TAX RULES, 1962
(ii) in any other case, with rigorous imprisonment which shall not be less than three months but which may extend to two years and with fine
2. The person accepting the declaration shall not accept the declaration where the amount of income of the nature referred to in item 22b exceeds the maximum
amount which is not chargeable to tax, unless PAN is applied for and column 21 is duly filled.
